What are your best-selling gift options?
The Full Seasonal Set and the Large Mix&Match Set are the best selling gift sets.
Can I include a personalized message in the gift box?
Yes, you can mention that it is a gift and we will print out the message and put it with the box.
Do you offer custom notes for gift sets?
Yes, you can select from various fonts and styles of letter cards available for custom notes and messages.
Are there any limited edition or exclusive gift sets?
All the seasonal gift sets are limited edition.
Do you release special collections for gifting?
Yes we do release a few special gift sets a year for occasions such as Christmas or Valentines day.
What are the gluten free option in the bakery?
The creme brulle, macarons and pralines are gluten free.
Do you have gluten-free options?
Yes we do. The creme brulle, macarons and pralines are gluten free.
Are there items on your menu that are gluten-free?
The creme brulle, macarons and pralines are gluten free.
Which of your pastries or desserts are gluten-free?
The creme brulle, macarons and pralines are gluten free.
Can you recommend your best gluten-free options?
The creme brulle, macarons and pralines are gluten free.
What is the most popular gluten-free item on your menu?
The macarons are the most popular gluten free item.
I have a gluten allergy. Can you help me identify safe options?
The creme brulle, macarons and pralines are gluten free.
Are your gluten-free items suitable for someone with celiac disease?
Yes they are, we ensure that there is no cross contamination
What gluten-free desserts do you offer?
The creme brulle, macarons and pralines are gluten free.
Are gluten-free items available every day?
Yes, the gluten free items are available everyday.
Do you have anything vegan in you bakery?
No, we are sorry nothing is vegan.
Do you have vegan options?
No, we are sorry,we dont offer any vegan items
Are any of your items vegan?
No, we dont.
Can you show me what's available in your vegan selection?
Sorry, we dont offer any vegan items.
Which of your pastries or desserts are vegan?
Sorry, none of out desserts are vegan.
What  desserts do you offer?
Sorry we dont offer any  options.
Do you have anything vegetarian in you bakery?
Yes, the pralines are vegetarian.
Do you have vegetarian options?
The pralines that we offer are vegetarian.
Are any of your items vegetarian?
Yes.
Can you show me what's available in your vegetarian selection?
All the pralines available are vegetarian
Which of your pastries or desserts are vegetarian?
The pralines are vegetarian.
What vegetarian desserts do you offer?
We offer a wide selection of pralines.
Do you have anything nut free in you bakery?
The chouquette, creme brulee, basic croissant, basic eclair, basic mille feuille, pain au chocolat and basic profiterole are nut free.
Do you have nut free options?
Yes,the chouquette, creme brulee, basic croissant, basic eclair, basic mille feuille, pain au chocolat and basic profiterole are nut free.
Are any of your items nut free?
Yes, a wide selection of out deserts are nut free.
Can you show me what's available in your nut free selection?
The chouquette, creme brulee, basic croissant, basic eclair, basic mille feuille, pain au chocolat and basic profiterole are nut free.
Which of your pastries or desserts are nut free?
The chouquette, creme brulee, basic croissant, basic eclair, basic mille feuille, pain au chocolat and basic profiterole are nut free.
What nut free desserts do you offer?
The chouquette, creme brulee, basic croissant, basic eclair, basic mille feuille, pain au chocolat and basic profiterole are nut free.